---
date: '2025-04-13T10:54:37+05:30'
draft: false
title: 'üñ•Ô∏è My Gear'
---

I get asked what devices I use (since I have a LOT of them). I wanted to
document these at one place so that I answer this question a little
deliberately.

## Computers

### MiniPC - [Beelink EQR5](https://www.bee-link.com/products/beelink-eqr5)

This is my daily driver as of Sept. 2025. I run Linux Mint on it with the Qtile
tiling window manager and I use it at my desk all day long. I didn't think I'd
enjoy using a MiniPC more than a laptop, but honestly, this has been a great
purchase. I got the AMD Ryzen 5 PRO 5650U model with 32GB RAM.

### MiniPC - [EQI12 MiniPC](https://www.bee-link.com/products/beelink-eqi12-intel%C2%AE-core-1220p-12450h-12650h)

I've installed Proxmox on this, and run OpenWRT on it for my router. I've setup
dual WAN failover between ACT and Airtel, and I'm fairly happy with my setup.

I'm also self hosting other services on it, and I've documented those
elsewhere. My particular model has a 12th Gen Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-1235U CPU
with 16GB DDR5 RAM. Most of these come with LPDDR5 RAM, but I wanted something
I could upgrade to 64 GB later.

### Desktop - Ryzen 9 7950x + Radeon RX 7900XTX (24GB)

This is my primary desktop, but I mostly use it for the occassional gaming. I
don't play many games these days, and when I do, I usually rely on the Steam
Deck. I run Linux Mint (with Qtile) and Windows 11 on it. I've been able to run
even Black Myth Wukong at full graphics, although I'll be the first to admit that
I'm not overly picky about monitor quality or framerates.

### Server - Ryzen 7 5700x + Radeon R9 270X

This is my storage server, with 6x8TB hard-drives, running Linux Mint and with
software-based RAID6. I used to self-host Jellyfin on it, but lately I just use
it as cold storage for some data. I keep it turned off most of the time, only
turning it on to archive something.

### Laptop - Asus X13 Flow 2022

![Asus X13 Flow](/images/laptop_x13_flow_product_image.png)

I got this just at the start of 2023, and it's a pretty sweet laptop. I wanted
a smaller form factor. Asus cheaps out on the wifi card so I had to swap out
the Mediatek wifi card for an Intel one, which improved some of the wifi
problems. I've never been happy with bluetooth on Linux, so let's not get into
that.

![Asus X13 Flow](/images/laptop_x13_flow.jpg)

I predominantly use this on my desk, docked to my monitors. I carry it with me
whenever I'm in the mood to work or study from a cafe. I used this as my work
laptop at ChainSafe where we were asked to Bring Your Own Device (BYOD). I
don't use the stylus much, or the touch screen to be honest. But in its tented
mode, it's a sweet way to game.

I'd earlier run Fedora on this, but lately I've been using Linux Mint.

Here are the specs for this machine:
![Asus X13 Flow neofetch](/images/neofetch_x13_flow.png)

1. CPU: AMD Ryzen 9 6900HS with Radeon Graphics (16 core) @ 4.935 GHz
2. GPU: NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3050 Ti Mobile
3. RAM: 32 GiB
4. Storage: SSD - 1 TB SSD

I also run Windows 11 on this just to play games every now and then. The
Graphics Card on this is poorly cooled, so for any games, I need to ensure that
the temperatures are lower than 80 degrees Celsius.

## Gaming Machines

### Playstation 5

I don't like the PlayStation 5. I haven't used it beyond playing Spider-Man 2,
and I don't know if I'll use it for anything else.

### Nintendo Switch

The only reason I have a Switch is BOTW, and I've played more of that on my
Steam Deck than on the Switch. I also have a bunch of physical games that I
hope to play with friends or family, but so far I've barely used them. It's
cool that I have the Mario edition though.

### Steam Deck

I love my Steam Deck. It's great for on the go, and for gaming in between my
day. I don't play much lately, but I enjoy the occasional bullethell or
roguelike game. I wish I'd waited for the OLED model, but who knew that was
about to release. My next handheld is going to be something that has the Ryzen
AI chip, hopefully, but for now the Steam Deck runs everything I need. I barely
use my Nintendo Switch after gettingn it.

## Trackball - Logitech MX Ergo

![MX Ego](/images/trackball_logitech_mx_ergo.jpg)

I love my Logitech MX Ergo. I wish it had the same wheel as the MX Master
series but sadly it doesn't. I've used this trackball since 2021, and I think I
cannot use anything else. It's excellent.

I even use this to play games now (mostly RTS like Age of Mythology Retold).
I've tried other trackballs like the Kensington Expert Wireless, but I think I
prefer the form factor of a thumb trackball better.

## Keyboards

### MoErgo Glove80 (Clicky Choc White keys)

The Glove80 is my daily keyboard lately (2025). I use it wired with Linux. You
should look at the [review here.](https://danieldk.eu/MoErgo-Glove80-Review), 
since it mirrors my experience exactly, except that I 100% recommend getting
white key switches. I love a loud click.

### Kinesis Advantage 2 (Kailh Box Jade Keys)

I used the Kinesis Advantage 2 for a couple of years, from 2021 to 2023. I wish
it weren't so bulky, but I've taped an Apple Magic Trackpad 2 to the blank
space between the two halves and I use that wired as well with Linux. Whenever
I use a Mac, this is my keyboard + touchpad of choice. I want to convert this
keyboard to a wireless setup someday, but I'm happy with it for now.

### CIDOO ABM066 - Alice

![AMB066 Keyboard](/images/keeb_abm066.jpg)

I bought this keyboard in 2022 and didn't use it much. I've switched to it in
2025 and have been using it as my daily driver. I like its form factor, and
I've customized only the placement of the number keys, since it was beyond
aggravating to me that the `6` key was on the left hand side of the board in
the default layout. I've used Gateron Green switches in this board. It's got a
customizable LCD panel that displays the time, but you can only sync time to a
windows computer if the closed source software is installed.

## Phones & Tablets

### Phone - Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra

This is my primary phone. It's large and unweildy, but it supposedly has a
great camera. I'm not really investing time into photography, but I hope this
device lasts me till 2029 at least.

### Phone - Samsung Galaxy S23

I love this phone. It's a small phone that also supports Display Out. I connect
my XReal Air goggles to it to watch movies sometimes. That was the main reason
I bought this thing. Samsung doesn't make non-flagship Snapdragon devices any
longer. I will cherish this for as long as it lasts.

### Phone - Boox Palma

Technically this isn't a phone, but an ereader. I enjoy the formfactor for
reading fiction predominantly. I also read some blogs via FreshRSS using the
FeedMe app. I use Koreader to read books on this.

### Phone - OnePlus Open

This is my favourite phone. My heart broke when the screen decided to show the
infamous OnePlus green line of death. It costs way too much to repair it, so
I've been using this phone as a syncthing server, keeping all my books and
music on it. I'm definitely going to buy a OnePlus Open 2 one day.

### Tablet - Boox Tab Mini C

I have given up on Kindles since 2023, and this has been my ereader of choice
ever since I got it. The colors are decent, and it's great for EPUBs and
especially with Koreader. For PDFs I still default to ReadERA.

### Tablet - Samsung Galaxy Tab S9 Ultra

This is a massive tablet. I got this to replace my Samsung Galaxy Tab S7+. I
use it only at home, since it's too big to lug around. I use it to read
technical texts, PDFs mostly. I like watching some content on it too. I only
wish Samsung made a flagship 11 inch tablet, I'd have bought that instead. It
is bonkers that they only reserve their best display, processor and other specs
for the 14 inch model now.

### Tablet - Moto Pad 60 Neo

I bought this in Sept 2025, primarily because the TabS9U isn't something I can
take around with me wherever I go. I previously used a Lenovo Legion Go tablet
for this purpose, but I've since handed that over to my mother. I needed
something really cheap so I won't feel the burn when it breaks (it eventually
will, because I'm not going to put a cover on it), and this was available for a
steal on, *cough* Flipkart of all places.

