---
date: '2025-06-10T23:19:44+05:30'
title: 'Failing in Public'
tags:
  - "career"
private: true
hiddenInHomeList: true
url: "failure"
---

I was 17 when I failed school for the very first time.

I was in the 11th grade and if I'd continued at that school, I'd have failed in
12th, which is a whole lot worse, apparently.

I was studying at the Oxford Senior Secondary School (CBSE), and I'd done
poorly on all my subjects that year. Primarily, Biotechnology, which was
promised to be the "great big thing" that decade. I scoff at that now, and I
hated the subject and the teacher.

All my teachers hated me, and I suppose a large part of that had to do with
being a neurodivergent kid, but I will not claim I was a "nice kid". I was an
ass, and my attitude showed.

I failed that year, and my father took me out of that school and put me in the
state-board branch, the Oxford PU College, affiliated to the Karnataka State
Pre-University Board. I also got into some tuitions, and did fairly better. I
didn't do too well in the 12th grade, mostly because I got cocky and thought I
had it in the bag.

I, in fact, didn't have anything in the bag.

I got into Engineering, studying a Bachelor's in Mechanical Engineering because
my scores were so absymal in the exams that I couldn't get Computer Science
like I wanted. I was already neck-deep in computers. I was studying C and C++,
I was already using Linux as a daily driver because my old Pentium 4 CPU
couldn't handle anything more than Windows XP.

I did decent at Engineering, managing to top my class from time to time. I was
almost always within the top 3. I didn't fail any subjects, but I didn't
realize life had other plans for me.

After my Engineering, I failed to get a job, repeatedly. I joined the Indian
Institute of Science, where after a gruelling 6 months, I left after my
professor yelled at me for being too slow. I blamed him (only internally) for
not guiding me whatsoever. I remember him saying he wanted me to login to a
remote computer to run some simulations. I didn't know what he meant, and even
though someone showed me the `ssh` command, I didn't know what he meant.

I feel the irony from typing this in neovim, to tell you the truth.

I left IISc and spent about 5 to 6 months without job. A cousin got me a temp
role at Harita Fehrer Ltd, where I joined as a Quality Engineer (Temp), and was
paid in cash with all the wage workers. I was just happy to get paid.

I worked my way up, "failing" sometimes, and "succeeding" other times.

I consider moving from factory roles to a role as a content writer my biggest
success. Working at Flipkart where I was being paid triple what I was paid at
my first factory role, and then picking up Python to help the content team is
still my biggest win.

I worked my way up, and I think that sometimes I didn't always do my best, but
I showed up, repeatedly. I wasn't the smartest developer you could hire, but I
loved the craft and strove to build user-centric tools and libraries. I was
always sympathetic towards users because I have been befuddled by tools and
libraries that take this world for granted. I still facepalm when I come across
a github repo that has a couple thousand stars and doesn't have an elevator
pitch in the very first paragraph, or screenshots of what the UI looks like and
does.

So what am I writing about here?

I joined Composio in 2025, and stayed there only a month. I didn't feel like a
good fit, and I left of my own accord. I don't know what it was that made me
feel everything in my gut tell me that it was a bad fit, but I wanted to ponder
about my time there and talk about how I feel about failure.

Failure is a strange thing. I say this as someone who took months to learn to
swim and still doesn't consider himself comfortable in the water.

I don't feel like my time at Composio was a success. If anything, I feel like I
fell flat on my face. I remember wondering within my first two days there if I
was out of my depths. That still feels a little true, mostly because I came
with a ton of burnout at my previous job, but I also felt like I was watching a
process fail entirely.

